When the Vestals invaded New Vestroia and captured
all the Bakugan, they didn't count on Drago and
I returning to free our friends.
Time to get... serious!
So we joined the Bakugan Battle Brawlers Resistance!
Together we have a chance to defeat the Vexos, take
back New Vestroia and save the Bakugan once and for all!
[battle squawk]
Let's go, Drago!
Bakugan... Brawl!
[\u266a]
This is unacceptable!
My orders were clear...
Spectra knew the Mechanical Bakugan were for my use...
There's nothing to worry about.
Spectra.
Prince Hydron.
There you are.
I simply gave your Bakugan to Mira and Gus to test
them for you.
Besides, if the Battle Brawlers are defeated then
they're not worth your time, are they, my Prince?
I suppose... you're right...
I guess I can trust your judgment, this time.
Fool.
It is time... Mira.
Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Wall To Wall Brawl!\"
Mira...
What are you doing here?
You're really going to turn your back on the
Bakugan and your friends?
I'm a Bakugan brawler, Dan...
I have to honour what the battle decides.
Spectra won fair and square...
I'm now with him.
Mira...
Are you kidding?
You lose a match...
and suddenly you abandon everything you care about?
Was everything you told me...
about the Resistance a lie?
I trusted you!
Calm down, Ace...
It was you Mira You're the one who taught me to hear
their voices ... You convinced me the stakes
were too high to ignore...How can you throw
all that all away like it's nothing...
Mira?
That's over now...
I promised my brother I'd stop you...
So if you want to go any further...
You and Dan will have to get through me...
From now on I brawl...
for the Vexos!
What?
No way... Mira...
Just drop it.
I won't let anyone stop us from rescuing the Bakugan.
Not even you, Mira...
Not ever!
That's it...
No more talk... Right, Dan?
Right, Ace.
Okay...
It's time to show this traitor.
You heard him...
Now bring it on!
Anything to stop Ace's whining.
Deactivate lock.
What's that?
Don't know... Don't care...
The Resistance is over.
You just don't know it.
Gauntlet Activated.
Gauntlet Power Strike!
Gate Card Open!
OK Darkus Dark Hound...
Activate!
[\u266a]
Bakugan Stand!
[ready for battle roar]
N-nice doggie!
He's all bite.
She's mine!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
[powerful/confident grunt]
They're ahead now but once I open the Gate Card
Percival's power will go up.
What now... Mira?
You guys are so outmatched it's pathetic!
[crazy laugh]
Ability Activate!
Full Burst!
[threatening roar]
Plus a thousand?
Are you kidding me?
That's serious power!
Let'em have it, Hades!
Shaaaaa!
Whoa!
Does this seem a little excessive or what?
Well, Volt?
Is that all you've got?
I've got plenty more!
Double Ability Activate!
Ability Card Set.
Sub Dimension!
...here it comes
Plus Aurora Dimension!
[mocking laughter]
Nemus!
What's wrong...
[cocky attack laugh]
[hitting/effort]
[extreme pain]
Multiple hits?
But how?
The lights!
This aurora effect is blinding Nemus!
[effort/strike]
[extreme pain]
Come Bakugan Trap ...Guardian!
I just hope I'm not too late!
Ability Card Set!
Double Ability Activate!
Tank Bunker!
And let's... add Ancient Glow!
You want light?
You've got it!
No fair!
[pain roar]
[\u266a]
Oh yeah! We won!
No time to celebrate.
The others need us, Baron!
Oh yeah... you're right...
We've got to help Master Dan and the others!
Come on, Nemus!
Nice brawl, dweeb...
Go ahead.
See you 'round.
Hit it!
Bakugan Brawl!
Drago Stand!
[ready for battle roar]
Finally... the dragonoid...
This is it, Ventus Spit Arm!
Ability Activate!
Darkus Howling!
[attack roar]
Percival!
What?
Drago?
Ability Activate!
Darkus Paralyze!
I can't move!
You keep getting in my way!
Fine then...
You take Percival.
I'll take Drago.
Just remember whose side you're on...
Go Ventus Spitarm...
Activate!
Bakugan Stand!
[ready for battle shriek]
Okay, Dan. Come and get us.
Oh we will, Mira!
Ability Activate!
Ventus Defuse!
[pain]
Double Ability Activate!
Burning Tornado plus Burning Dragon!
[gathering power roar]
[battle roar]
Can you take the heat, Mira?
Now!
Gate Card Open!
Darkus Reactor!
So now we're even.
Wake up!
My Power Level went up?
Are you kidding?
Mira!
What are you doing?
My mistake...
Percival.
Yes, something's up.
Ability Card Set.
Keep going guys.
Ability Activate.
Burning Dragon!
[battle roar]
Ability Activate.
Darkus Cave!
Oops. Bad idea.
Maybe you can still get your money back on these
cyber Bakugan, Gus!
Dan, Ace.
You're my last hope.
Please come through.
It's all or nothing now.
Bakugan Brawl!
They won't know what hit them!
[\u266a]
[maniacal laugh]
Shall we finish this?
You bet, Ingram.
[attack yell]
What gives?
Why are we losing?
Stop whining.
Aaaaand we're done here.
We did it, Shun.
Let's help Dan and the others!
Oh, right!
Forget it... leave them.
We're going to the palace.
Why?
Oh, forget it. I don't want to know.
Gate Card Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
[building battle roar]
Mira, you can stay out of this.
Aquos Grafias, Activate.
Bakugan Stand!
[mighty battle roar]
Go Percival!
[battle grunt]
Two to one...
Hey, Gus, why don't you just give up now?
Laugh all you want, Ace...
'Because soon, I'll send you crying all the way home.
Ability Card Set!
Ability Activate!
Aquos Press Shield!
You asked for it.
Ability Card Set!
Ability Activate!
Darkus Driver!
Burning Dragon!
[mighty battle roar]
Try and beat that!
Looks like I just did!
That can't be right!
With Aquos Press Shield, every time your power
level goes up, mine does too.
So keep it coming.
Fine then.
We're snagged either way.
Come on...
I'm waiting for your next move.
[full bodied laugh]
Subterra Grakas Hound!
Activate!
Bakugan Stand!
[battle roar]
Back off Mira!
You've already done enough damage as it is.
I've finally got this under control!
I can't.
Spectra is counting on me for data too.
They won't know what hit them.
[battle roar]
What is she doing?
Can't just wait.
No... Wait, Dan...
Increasing our power level is just what Gus wants.
Yeah, but I've got a feeling I can take out Mira.
Ability Activate!
Burning Dragon!
[mighty battle roar]
I don't know what you're up to but this better
work... huh.
Told you so!
Doesn't matter how strong the attack is...
if it's just reflected back.
Ability Activate.
Subterra Seeker!
What the?
[painful impact]
Grakas Hound power level 600
Drago! Are you okay?
Yes Dan I'm fine. However Mira is a formidable opponent.
It's taking everything I've got...
But the power of that attack was only half of
what it could have been...
Why?
Weird.
Come on, Dan.
Figure out what I'm doing.
That's it!
Let's do this!
There's Dan!
Hey guys... What's up?
Looks like Dan's brawling Mira.
Gate Card...
Open!
Pyrus Reactor!
You stooge!
The more power you pour on, the more power you
give Grafias.
Stay with me, Dan.
Pyrus Spyder Fencer, Activate!
Bakugan Stand!
[fierce battle roar]
Why did you do that Mira?
We're already winning this.
And now I'm finishing it off.
Mira...
It's like... maybe she's...
...still with us...
But we can't be sure...
Dan.
Ace.
I need your help to stop Spectra.
To stop my brother.
Please give me the strength!
Mira.
That's it...
move over!
Ability Activate!
Aquos Cyclo-wave!
No way...
Come Bakugan Trap ... Scorpio.
[mighty battle roar]
Now, Darkus Dark Hound...
Activate!
[mighty battle roar]
Mira!
What's with you?
I'm busy... Back off!
Wow!
You said it.
Now?
Ability Activate.
Ability Card Set.
What the?
That's Max Reflector.
It takes your attack and sends it back at twice the
power...
Here's the best part, poser...
It's gonna blow through all of your Bakugan at once!
Power Decrease.
[self-satisfied grunt]
...Alright Mira Way to go...
Thanks, Dan.
What was...
that about?
I think you were always right, Ace.
So Mira...
never planned on betraying us after all.
Of course...
I never really believed it.
You lost...
your battle on purpose?
[seething gasp]
...You traitor...
This is how you treat your brother....Mira.
Get out!
If you think you're walking out of here with
three Mechanical Bakugan, you're wrong!
Come on! forget Mira I'm taking you both on myself!
Give me back what is mine!
That ain't happening.
Those were won fair and square.
Haos Brachium!
Bakugan Stand!
[mighty battle roar]
Well you can't say you weren't warned.
Payback time.
Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate!
Battle Marionette!
I call out...
Spitarm!
[mighty battle roar]
You can't do that!
Come...
Bakugan Trap...
Falcon Fly!
[\u266a]
[mighty battle roar]
Hey Dan, looks... like the gang's all here!
What's your move?
I'll show you...
Double Ability Activate!
Haos Unity Plus Ventus Power Blow!
I can't believe it!
He's upped the power levels of all of his Bakugan!
This could...
be bad.
Drago...
That's a lot of fire power.
Nothing we can't handle.
You think there's safety in numbers Percival?
Not for the Vexos.
Here we go.
Ability Card Set.
Ability...Activate!
Aquos Press Shield!
Nice try...
I'm gonna make your big, bad shield disappear...
Ability Activate!
Darkus Maiden!
[mighty effort grunt]
If you liked that...
Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate!
Misty Shadow!
Go Falcon Fly!
[\u266a]
If the Dimension Controller is below us...
This battle could work to our advantage.
Uh well... Yeah...
It should be but what's the big deal?
I've got a feeling...
If Dan and Ace keep upping the energy, this battle
could overload the Gamma Controller just like we
did with the Alpha and Beta Controllers.
Sounds good.
And... once it explodes, it could mean...
we'll defeat the Vexos once and for all.
Now Dan... You're up.
Got it!
Double Ability Activate!
Satellite Impact!
Plus Strike Dragon!
[mighty battle roar]
Shut down!
[horrified gasp]
Nice work.
You too, man.
Whoa!
What's going on?
It's blowing!
Let's go!
[\u266a]
Gus must have lost too!
So much for divide and conquer...
There's nothing more we can do here...
Let's get out...
before we're buried alive.
Oh well...
I guess it's all up to me now.
[frightened yelling]
Mira!
Thanks, Drago!
You too, Ingram!
I can't believe we did it!
We destroyed the last of the Vestal's Dimension
Controllers!
And best of all, now all the Bakugan will be free for good!
Congrats... everyone!
I'm sorry, guys.
I'm really sorry...
I almost...
No sorries... OK!
It's OK.
Yeah, don't worry about it Mira.
Thanks...
You guys are the best.
You had us a little worried there.
But we always knew...
That in your heart you were with us.
I admit I got a little scared back there...
when I saw you battling with Dan.
But you were really helping him.
Yeah, at first I didn't know what you were doing...
I feel like a dork now.
It's not hard to fool you, Dan.
You're right.
[good natured laugh]
I always believed in you.
I know you...
you'd never go back on your word.
Thank you.
Cool it... There's still one more thing to do.
Next stop... the Vespalace!
I'm sorry, Master Spectra, but Mira...
Forget Mira...
She means nothing to me...
We still have the ultimate weapon.
Let it be our little present to the Resistance
and my dear sister...
Mira Fermin.
[evil laugh]
Marucho here!
We defeated the Vexos but the battle's not over yet!
So now we're off to the Vespalace to free Preyas
and all the others!
We should have known Spectra'd have other plans.
And it's not popcorn and a movie...
And wait till you see his ultimate weapon!
It's bad news.
It's now or never Brawlers... let's go
Bakugan... Brawl....
See ya!
[\u266a]